Top quotes:
Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish.

The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.

Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.

The magic you are looking for is in the work you have been avoiding.

Clarity doesn't come from thinking. It comes from doing.

Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.

We are as gods and might as well get good at it.

The brave may not live forever, but the cautious do not live at all.

The genius is the ability to recapture childhood at will.


----------------





Quotes
The magic you are looking for is in the work you have been avoiding
The faster ideas leave your head the faster they evolve
Live like you are dying
Clarity doesn't come from thinking. It comes from doing
Courage is in far shorter supply than Genius
The errors of youth are soon forgotten
The fears we don't face become our limits
Be brave, there is no other option
Living an extraordinary life is about finding joy in an ordinary one
Desire is suffering
⁃
⁃
⁃
Focus on one desire. You will get it
You have to let everything else go
Steps are better than fastest path
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication
Slow is smooth and smooth is fast
Open ended-ness is where all of the answers are
Albert Einstein relativity quote
Life is like a sandwich, either way you look at it, the bread always comes first.
The godlike high of abusing capitalism
Has any one in the history of the world less intelligent or less driven solved this problem
Build your own dreams or you will be hired to build someone else's
Who needs an academic career when your the only one with ideas
We are ruled by magicians with scissors for handsAnything from adventure time
Mediocrity breeds boredom. Decide to excel in everything you do, and be distinctive in your
approach
Take risks often, and don't fret about rejection if you did everything you could to succeed
Look back on your life and say, I did it the right way. That's integrity
Achieving a life balance requires regular soul searching as well as self discipline
You will have the most enjoyment working with people who are smart, of high integrity, and
committed to achieving something substantial.
Never stop learning and be willing to take risks.
Success is based on a lot of external factors. Don't expect to win every time even if you are the
best at something.
Unless- lorax
Change is painful, growth is painful, but Nothing is as painful as staying somewhere where you
don't belong
Be happy but never satisfied
We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements of life, when all that we need
to make us happy is something to be enthusiastic about
They laugh at me because I'm different. I laugh at them because they are all the same
My biggest fear is finding out what I could have been
Don't tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon
Ships are safe in the harbor, but that isn't what ships are for
You will not win because I will not lose
If your dreams don't scare you, they aren't big enough
Only I can stop meWork hard in silence, let success make the noise
Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can do what others can't.
If you suffer enough, nothing will be able to hurt you
You will never know what you can do if you don't try
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, but learning to dance in the rain
No matter what your goals are, you have a long life to achieve them
Receiving cash is cash, those are just a large number of Ben Franklins -musk
Raising 50 million dollars is a matter of making a series of phone calls, and the money is there
I think the real satisfaction is having created the company that I sold, but the car sure is fun
I'd like to be on the cover of rolling stone, that would be cool.
They want to do what they are doing. They think that to stop doing that is death
No reason to sleep when reality is better than your dreams
Nothing is too wild
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short, but in
setting our aim too low and hitting our mark
You can't connect the dots looking forward. You can only connect them looking backward
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but useful than a life doing nothing
Undying devotion to the cause
You gotta step out of your comfort zone, be broke for a while, lose some friends, have sleepless
nights. Most people don't get it though.
@amanda
_
maple21：
"You haven't even met a fraction of the people that will love you in this life.
"
Always keep it movin, inertia on these hoes
The humiliation of not being in control of our own destinySometimes you have to do stuff you don't like to figure out what you do like
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you
have something to lose-jobs
Shoot for the moon and you will land among the stars
You gotta watch out for the people who bounce back from everything that was supposed to
destroy them. Those are gods people
The artist is the one who recaptured that. Childlike fascination with the world
Life ain't picture perfect, we use the negatives to develop
Never lose your mind 'cause insanity is brutal.
Life is just like college, all you have's your noodle
Elon musk cares less about the Forbes list than you do, that's why he is there
Man is condemned to be free
Don't think of a. Way out, think of a way through
Meaning seems like a much more sustainable goal than happiness
No amount of guilt can change the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future
The real meaning of life is to give life meaning
Be a man who was wise enough to bring into service men who knew more than he -Andrew
Carnegie (ish)
The tragedy of the human body, which always freezes into inertia whenever a special effort is
needed
Those who set small goals will accomplish small things
Everyone is capable of self transformation
A smooth sea never made a good sailor
"With friends like this, you don't need enemies"Most pioneers are forced to innovate. The true creatives are those who innovate without a
starting point.
No man is I happier than he who never faces advesity. For he is not permitted to prove himself.
1984 part 2 end of chapter 3
Ships don't sink because of the water outside, they sink from the waters they let in
To makeup for the sobriety of my youth -Jenny joseph
All serious daring starts from within
Have you found joy in life? Has your life brought joy to the lives of others?
Eugene almost never remembered he was suffering from amnesia
"I used to walk into a room full of people and wonder if they liked me… now I look around and
wonder if I like them.
"
@hot
but
_
_
mentally_
ill：And as she ran toward her dreams, she looked back and realized he
wasn't there
@emm01jibreal：I traveled far to find my purpose and at the end of that long journey, I realized
that I was always meant to be lost.
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
@bryan5k：
"if u want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've
never done.
" has become my daily mantra
Winners and losers have the same goal
You should be able to walk into a room and believe you could overpower, outrun, or outlast
every person in the room.
Humans maintain more than 28 degrees of freedom
Pain will leave once it's done teaching you
When you are in darkness, even your own shadow leaves you
If you don't have any enemies, find a way to make themSmall problems big moves
They felt this passion essential to surviving on the raw edge of the future and charging forward
to build something great and new for the world.
The brave may not live forever, but the cautious do not live at all
Winners work as hard as possible and still worry they are being lazy
What if things turned out better than I imagined.
If your so smart, tell me why are you still so afraid
Only fools are satisfied
I love yo titties because they prove I can focus on two things at once
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if
nothing had happened- Churchill - Sebastian
Power is currupt, absolute power is kind of neat - US secretary of navy
A mind that moves only forwards, never sideways. Incapable of self doubt. Unfathomable depth
to his character. He was a man without limits(of Curtis Lammey)
There is a bit of triumph in crashing when you should be soaring
Say everything as if the fate of the world hangs in the balance
People tend to believe in and learn to love what they have to suffer for
"He is a dangerous mixture of sophistication and recklessness which makes one anxious about
his influence on other boys.
"
Experiments resulting in failures are not failed experiments
A good goal should scare you a little and excite you a lot
Even if you let em kill your dream it'll haunt you.
Tell your own story and it will be interesting
"Until you exhaust all your contingency plans, you're not really starting to worry.
"Audacity is often the only thing that separates equally talented men
Don't go out, but we put here
Never in my likes, always in my views
I'm no painter, but you get the picture
Off guard but on point
It's all about them
Simple it's not, I'm afraid you will find, for a mind-maker-upper to make up his mind
Nodus tollens
There is no big apacolypse, just the endless procession of little ones
Action is the antidote to despair
@colibri
_
az74：And there he sat. An idle emperor, on a rotting throne.
@as.a：and they kept living, all for whatever it meant.
@peyton.lahrs：her head was always in the clouds and now her soul is too
It might fall apart, but what if it all falls together
Never believe a prediction that doesn't empower you
Life is too short to be scared of being human
I don't know who discovered water, but it wasn't a fish
The genius is the ability to recapture childhood at will.
Very creative people are able to be in contact with a number of mentalities at the same time.
Mathematics and physics is taught through symbology and logic, but all famous mathematicians
and physicists use either kinesthetic or visual mindsets
Everytime I started thinking, things went wrong. The body seems to know what to do. The part
of your body you are trying to teach doesn't understand english.
Point of view is worth 80 IQ points. Logic is a weak method. Find the right data structure before
building the algorithmDoing with images makes symbols
If you want people to go along with you, you have to involve them in the same conspiracy.
The liberal arts are the best place to develop your aesthetic feeling. This is vitally important in
the sterile engineering and science fields. I'm almost against engineering concentrations at the
undergraduate level because you should be building a liberal arts well to pull ideas and
metaphors from.
Without different perspectives daily, we fall into old paths of thinking
Every man is guilty of the good he did not do - voltaire
A man without purpose distracts himself with pleasure
@rehmbeatz：
"Man suffers only because he takes seriously what God made for fun" 󰗧
To be truly visionary we have to root our imagination in our concrete reality while simultaneously
imagining possibilities beyond that reality.
There are more ways to fail than there are to succeed
Failure permits us to see us as for sees us
Confidence applied properly will surpass the genius
Anxiety is the disiness of freedom
There is only one meaning to life, and that is the act of living it
Lauren's advice:
Act like that bitch and you will become her
Ex: read journals, listen to podcasts, eat sleep and breath science... who can tell you you aren't
a scientist
We fear old pain
To hurting loudly, because you don't have to be in breakable to be strongWe cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them
Sometimes taking control is the most welcome thing we can do
@maze.bean：and in all the chaos, our love just created more
Attracting engineers to a position required them to have tool stuff to work on, smart people to
work with, and repeatability in the work environment.
Engineering is knowledge work. You get paid to know stuff more frequently than you get paid to
do stuff.
A big part of what engineers contribute to product development is an understanding of the limits
of possibility. This draws them towards an objective world view. Engineers really like certainty.
Over time, this desire for stability compounds with other normal life events, and a stable gig
becomes something that many engineers begin to cherish.
Nothing makes engineers crankier than whiplashing from one task to another. Shipping stuff is
directly related to cool stuff.
Engineers feel safest when the buck stops with them. Delegate.
Force of interia is quite powerful
Engineers have a natural allergy of being sold to.
A next generation of high-tech places will come from investments in people, as well as in
technology.
What do you call natural selection after the end of nature?
We are as gods and we might as well get good at it.
If we had to engineer this on a big scale because it solves a big problem, we would find a way to
do it.
If we want everything to remain as it is, everything must change.
Surrendering your life is a lot easier than fighting for it
Don't make your life a novel, make it a book of poems
Everything about her told me she was hungry for life
You played for low stakes, and what you've won is smallEngineers rule the world
Experience is about managing complexity
Made the elementary error of jumping into the complex merits of an issue before having
engaged the listener. With their reductive messages and vivid imagery, the British and
Americans handily avoided the blunder
A great leader understands the world of ideas and feelings of the masses
The task of propaganda lies not in the scientific training of the individual, but rather in directing
the masses towards certain facts and events
The masses inwardly feel more satisfied by a doctrine of tolerating no other besides itself
⁃
intense, emotionally charged style punctuated by unwavering certainty
Advertising can obscure or present false choices
As soon as by one's own propaganda even a glimpse of right on the other side is admitted, the
cause for doubting one's own right is laid.
Focus on becoming a person you are incredibly proud to be
Accept responsibility for everything in your lfie
See ya down the trail.
-presti
There should never be a between books. When you put something out there, don't wait around
and see what people think of it - Steven pressfield
Is weebs with waifus the new Buddhism.
Entrepreneurs mind
Athletes body
Artists soul
When I first came to San Francisco, I did not even know what I wanted to find out, and so I just
stayed around awhile and made some friends
Sometimes people's good intentions blind them to their own sensitivities
Quick to start, slow to finishSelf doubt is bad. Idea doubt is good
Common things lead to common results
Chase processes not outcomes
Defining yourself against something you resent will always make you small
It's at the very point where individuals hold contradicting beliefs where we understand them best
History is moving inevitably towards unity
How did money succeed where gods and kings failed
I and my fellow Spaniards suffer from a disease of the heart for which the only cure is gold
Find what you love and let it kill you
The best thing for my mental health was giving in to my innate nature to work.. the most
depressed I've been has been when I try to restrict it.
You are crazy until you are successful, then you are a genius
There is bitter triumph in crashing when you should be soaring
A place belongs forever to whoever claims it hardest
As you get older, you don't need to be in an exciting place as much as you need to have once
been in an exciting place.
Our worldview creates our world
The more books you read the more confused you becone
experiences that add to your personal development are worth more than you think in this new
future.
Learning can feel like progress even if it isn't actually progress
Learning can't replace doing
Even a labor of love is bound by the limits of time
Are you ready to be responsible for peoples life force energy?How I wished for days to pass, and forget that they were my lifetime
So that humanity might share in the act of creation
The most interesting aspects of computing had little to do with crunching numbers.
Computing, It's the next thing after acid.
-Ken Kesey
You are not a slacker if you cut yourself some slack
Take a moment to have some fun -Bill Gates
People prefer to share information about themselves with others than receive money
Say yes, then learn to do it later
People want to feel like they are working on something that has never been done before
Why build the atomic bomb when you can code it
Being in the lifeboat with people you really respect is a joy
"I realized that coding and designing hardware wasn't as interesting to me as seeing how the
whole product—the whole business—came together"
As soon as I started talking to different teams, I realized my superpower
Learn what has to be taken seriously and laugh at the rest
Rules direct us to average behaviors
Art is confrontation
any rule is worth testing
The artist actively works to experience life slowly, and then to rerxperience the same thing anew
Innovation through ignorance
Let ideas manifest themselves through you
Limit your practical choices to free your creative imaginationCreate an environment where you are free to express what you are afraid to express
There is no more valid metric to predict what someone else might enjoy than us liking it
ourselves
Your trust in your instincts and excitement are what resonate with others
Fear will trick you into a boring life
Break the chain of anxiety
Shit begets shit
The world will ask you who you are, and if you do not know, the world will tell you.
Recovery at the opportune time will cause greater leaps in improvement
Avoid getting stuck with a decision you made 5 minutes ago
We have stories about ourselves,
And those are not who we are
He had the attitude that he could do anything and so can you
If you trust him, you can do things
Pretend to be completely in control and people will assume you are
Success without fulfillment is the ultimate failure